
The Gaming Room had requested a web-based version of the game “Draw It or Lose It” that is able to be played on multiple platforms. The app is originally on Android, and it involves gameplay with teams where users guess what is being drawn from a set of stock images. Requirements for the new game include support for multiple teams and players, unique game and team names, and ensuring that only one instance of each game exists at any time.
Within the documentation, I had outlined the requirements and constraints for expanding the game to other platforms. By doing this I was able to outline recommendations as to what I thought would best fit for expanding the app. 
Working on the design document offered an understanding of what was important for expanding the app. It helped address all aspects of the software, from user interface to backend support. Using the document to plan had provided structure to guide through the process of expansion, reducing any errors or issues to make the app work well between the other platforms.
If I could revise my work on these documents to improve them, I would apply detailed explanations within the system architecture view. More specific details about the physical and logical topology would help improve understanding and communication for the developers. 
Understanding the user’s needs is crucial as it ensures that the software is user-friendly and meets the client's expectations. By considering user requirements, such as the need for unique game and team names, I ensured that the software would be secure and user focused. This makes it easier in creating an application that users will enjoy and find easy to use while being able to play seamlessly across platforms.
For my approach to designing the software, I started by understanding the client’s requirements and then creating detailed documentation to find what would best fit for developing the app. In the future, I would use these techniques to create a structured plan for the project I am working on. In doing so, I can then use the plan to help figure out any solutions efficiently while staying in line for what I am tasked to do by the client. 
